Documentations of all the routes and what they return under various cases


'index':
	GET  -> Returns the index page of the user
			The index page varies with the user_category provided by session.


'register' :
	GET  -> Returns the registration page through which the guest can register
	POST -> Validates all the inputs that the user provides and then registers the user

			Inputs :
				userType
				email
				username
				password
				password_again
				firstname
				lastname
				userGender
				contact

				midname
				userDOB
			
			On success, the data provided by the user is inserted into two tables user_credentials and user_info.
			The password is not directly stored but stored as a hasg with the passlib module


'login' :
	GET  -> Returns the login page of the user. (Page reference : login.html)
	POST -> Validates that all the inputs are provided and if valid checks the input with user_credentials table and logs the user in.
	
			Inputs :
				Username
				Password

			On success, three key value pairs are added to the session
			1. user_id : This number uniquely identifies the user throughout the database. Any interaction with the database exclusive to the user will require this id
			2. user_category : This number identifies the user as a seller(1) or a buyer(2). All the pages will check for this value and display the page as per this value
			3. user_name : This is the unique username that identifies the user. Especially useful for creating a personal experience by displaying the users name


'logout' :
	GET  -> Simply clears out the session essentially logging the user out of the system


'post' 	:
	GET  -> Returns a page that allows only the user to post items into the repository (Note that only the seller is able to access this page
	POST -> Validates that all the post contents are provided and adds the item into the repository table
			Inputs : 
				itemcategory
				recyclable
				itemname
				itemprice
				itemusage



'my_posts' :
	GET  -> Returns a page with a list of all the items that the user has posted. Note that this page is accessible only to the seller account. Others can't access this page
				
'about' :
	GET  -> Inherits the required index page (as per the session('user_category') and displays the about contents


'contact' :
	GET  -> Inherits the required index page (as per the session('user_category') and displays the contact us contents


